README.md, before:

# TeleView
A Web Portal for viewing Simons Observatory level-3 data

The TeleView projects is a multi-language repository and an assemblage of applications.
Each application exists in a directory withing the root TeleView folder.
Most applications can be run independently in a standalone mode for debugging and testing;
however, the applications are designed to run and be built together using Docker's compose.yaml files located in the
content root.

This README.md describes deployment of all applications with Docker compose.
For information on testing or operating and individual applications, see the README.md file in that 
application's directory.

## TeleView Components Technologies Stack
![TeleView components and relationships](static/TeleViewTechnologyStack.png "TeleView Stack")

## Pointing to data
The Django restAPI in tvapi uses an environment variable to see the parent directories that contain all the 
data that is accessible by the TeleView data portal.

This variable name is:
```
TELEVIEW_LEVEL3_DATA_DIRECTORIES
```

It is expected that this variable contains one or more full paths to parent data directories.
Each full path is expected to be separated by the semicolon character `;`.

If this variable is not available on a given system, 
then the local directory TeleView/test_data is used as the only data directory location.

Commit message:

Production Website triggers database scanning actions
There is a lot in this update that contributed to a working *Production* method
for triggering database actions in python.

The large bug was that a request cannot be made on the same thread that is
handling the initializing request. This rule makes sense, and there was a
better way to update the database direction through the StatusModel class.
This was only causing issues in the production build for the website.

A reporting system was designed to report data scanning status to a URL
that updates the local SQLite database. This database is used to store status
information that triggers status loading messages and refresh commands on the
api/ main page. The reporting system is designed not over a report. This makes
the reporting a bit slow compared to the scanning process for very small
databases.

This commit introduces a new file type `.env`. This is a file of configuration
options used in the compose.yaml file. Git ignores this file,
to see how file this could be used to configure a give system see .env-default,
a new file in this commit.

By default, an admin page for Django at /api/admin/. This is a good tool for
debugging processes and resetting database values. This user is set at the
image build time with optional arguments that must all be supplied to for
success. When using docker compose, these values are set with the .env file.

README.md, after:

# TeleView
A Web Portal for viewing Simons Observatory level-3 data

The TeleView projects is a multi-language repository and an assemblage of applications.
Each application exists in a directory withing the root TeleView folder.
Most applications can be run independently in a standalone mode for debugging and testing;
however, the applications are designed to run and be built together using Docker's compose.yaml files located in the
content root.

This README.md describes deployment of all applications with Docker compose.
For information on testing or operating and individual applications, see the README.md file in that 
application's directory.

## TeleView Components Technologies Stack
![TeleView components and relationships](static/TeleViewTechnologyStack.png "TeleView Stack")

## Pointing to data
The Django project, tvapi, uses an environment variable to see parent directories that contain all the 
data that is accessible by the TeleView data portal.

These variables are:
```
- TELEVIEW_SMURF_DATA_DIR  # ./TeleView/test_data/smurf is the default when this is not set
```
Edit this value in the Docker .evn file if running Docker. 
If deploying locally, set these variables in your environment.
See the file ".env-default" this project's root directory for an example configurable options.
